PATh: added dagman, checkpointing, gpus and container guides (#26)
osg-htc/user-documentation: documentation/PATh/htc_workloads/using_software/containers.md

the execution nodes. The instructions below contain best practices
when it comes to access both Apptainer/Singularity and Docker images.

When using a container for your jobs, the container image is
automatically started up when HTCondor matches your job to a slot. The
executable provided in the submit script will be run within the context
of the container image, having access to software and libraries that
were installed to the image, as if they were already on the server where
the job is running. Job executables need not (and should not) run any
commands to start the container. Nor should the container image
contain any entrypoint/cmd - the job is the command to be run in the
container.

### Exploring Images on the Access Points

Just like it is important to test your codes and jobs at a small scale,
you should make sure that your container is working correctly. One way
to explore how OSG sees your container images, is to explore them on
the OSG Connect access points. Start an interactive session with the
Apptainer/Singularity "shell" mode. The recommended command line, similar
to how containers are started for jobs, is:

>     apptainer shell \

Reviewer: This didn't work b/c CVMFS isn't mounted on the AP. :sob:

the container and test your code with for example your own inputs from
your home directory. Once you are down exploring, exit the container
by running `exit` or with `CTRL+D`

## OSG-Provided Images

The OSG Team maintains a set of images that are already in the OSG
Apptainer/Singularity repository. *[A list of available containers can be found on this page][container-list].*

If the software you need isn't already supported in a listed container,
you can use your own container or any container image in Docker Hub
(see sections further below). Once the container you need is in the
OSG Apptainer/Singularity repository, your can submit jobs that run within a
particular container by listing the container image in the submit file.

    +SingularityImage = "/cvmfs/singularity.opensciencegrid.org/opensciencegrid/osgvo-el8:latest"

    <other usual submit file lines>
    queue

## Custom Singularity Images

If you already have software in the form of a `.sif` Apptainer/Singuilarity file,
you can stage the .sif file with your job. For small workloads, sending
the file with the job is ok:

    transfer_input_files = my-custom-image-v1.sif
    +SingularityImage = "my-custom-image-v1.sif"

> **NOTE: Stash functionallity will soon come to the PATh Facility**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE: Open Science Data Federation (OSDF) functionality will soon come to the PATh Facility**: 
```

For larger workloads, the image will be resused for

> each job, and thus the preferred transfer method is Stash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each job, and thus the preferred transfer method is an OSDF tool.
```

> Store the .sif file under `/protected/$USERNAME/`, and then use the stash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store the .sif file under `/mnt/stash/ospool/PROTECTED/$USER/`, and then use the stash
```

url directly in the `+SingularityImage` attribute. Note that you can not
use shell variable expansion in the submit file - be sure to replace the
username with your actual OSG Connect username. Example:

>     +SingularityImage = "stash:///osgconnect/protected/USERNAME/my-custom-image-v1.sif"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    +SingularityImage = "stash:///ospool/PROTECTED/USERNAME/my-custom-image-v1.sif"
```
